revise: Hackathon prep course series (#5559)
dfinity/portal: docs/tutorials/hackathon-prep-course/6-authentication.mdx

---
keywords: [beginner, tutorial, hackathon, hackathon prep course, user authentication, add user auth, add user login, authentication, auth, login]
---

import { MarkdownChipRow } from "/src/components/Chip/MarkdownChipRow";
import '/src/components/CenterImages/center.scss';

# 6: Add user authentication to a dapp

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "Tutorial"]} />

> End users can authenticate with applications on ICP through [Internet Identity](https://identity.ic0.app/). It is ICP's native form of digital identity commonly used for dapps such as the NNS dashboard. Instead of having to manage a username or password, Internet Identity uses a cryptographic key pair that's stored in your local device's hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users can authenticate with applications on ICP through [Internet Identity](https://identity.internetcomputer.org). It is ICP's native form of digital identity commonly used for dapps such as the NNS dashboard. Instead of having to manage a username or password, Internet Identity uses a cryptographic key pair that's stored in your local device's hardware.
```

according to the R&D call today, I assume that we advertise this domain going forward

Author: Yes, this change is already applied on master.
